# Movie-Trailer-Project

This project is a part of Udacity's full-stack [nanodegree program](https://www.udacity.com/nanodegree). The project's goal was to build a simple movie trailer website  to showcase my favorite movies. In this project I have demonstrated the usege of class in Python programming language, HTML and CSS. The final outcome was to generate a static website which would display posters from my favorite movies. Whenever you clik on the poster the trailer to the movie's video would open automatically.

## Table of contents

- Link to the project
- Download
- Requirements
- Project files
- How to run the project and Documentation
- References


## Link to the project

For a demo, check out [here](http://htmlpreview.github.io/?https://github.com/paulina-grunwald/Udacity-Full-Stack-Web-Developer-Nanodegree/blob/master/1.%20Programming%20Fundamentals%20and%20the%20Web/P1%20-%20Movie%20Trailer%20Website/fresh_tomatoes.html).

## Download

You can find all the files of my project here [downloaded here](https://github.com/paulina-grunwald/Udacity-Full-Stack-Web-Developer-Nanodegree/tree/master/1.%20Programming%20Fundamentals%20and%20the%20Web/P1%20-%20Movie%20Trailer%20Website).

## Requirments

Python 2.x is required to run this project. The Python executable should be in your default path, which the Python installer should have set.

## Project files
Project consist of the following files:
- __entertainment_center.py__ -  python file includes instances of all the movies. The instances include movie title, short description, image and link to the trailer.
- __media.py__- python file includes  class for representing properties of the movies as well as function that opens URL to trailers of the movies.
- __fresh_tomatoes.py__ - this python file includes Javascript, HTML and CSS that creates the HTML file which displays movies included in entertainment_center.py.

## How to run the project and Documentation
To run the project download the zip file and unzip it. It is also possible to clone this repository. Files with extension .py (python) can be opened in text editor (e.g sublime). You can run python scripts in your operating system's terminal or by using special software (e.g pycham). Html files can be opened in any browser (e.g chrome or internet explorer). Below you can find detailed tips on how to  use files form this project:
1. Download the code or clone it form the Github repository.
2. Open the text-based interface on your operating system(command prompt in Windows, terminal window in Linux).
3. Go to the project directory in your terminal/command prompt and type python entertainment_center.py. Once you type this command the html website with my favourite movies will open automatically.
4.  Enjoy trailers with the favorite movies.

I have used provided by Udacity fresh_tomatoes.py file  to generate final html file with my favourite movies. I have made following adjustments to generated by python script website (HTML and CSS update):
- change styling of text,
- add footer,
- add footer styling,
- place image in the background.

## References
 - [Background image source](http://wellbeings.us/wp-content/uploads/2017/06/unusual-stage-curtain-stage-curtain-wallpaper-companies-rental-curtains-for-schools-black-names-legs-portable-vector-cost-pulley-system-hooks-how-to-make-design-uk-cleaning-second-hand-track-church-f.jpg)
 - https://adam-marsden.co.uk/css-cheat-sheet
 - https://codepen.io/team/sparkbox/full/NRKEOA
